c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.exe
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.deps.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.pdb
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.CommandLine.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventSource.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.Messages.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\browser\lib\net8.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContai.970B0F7A.Up2Date
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\DIContainer.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.pdb
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\DIContainer.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\DIContainer\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\DIContainer.dll
