c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.exe
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.deps.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.pdb
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.Aplicacion.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\AL.Repositorios.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\al.Aplicacion.pdb
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\bin\Debug\net8.0\AL.Repositorios.pdb
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.al.UI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.al.UI.props
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.al.UI.props
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.al.UI.props
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Components\Layout\MainLayout.razor.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Components\Layout\NavMenu.razor.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\al.UI.styles.css
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\al.UI.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\al.UI.dll
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.pdb
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\al.UI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\facuv\OneDrive\Escritorio\INFORMATICA\segundo año\Primer semestre\.NET\AL\al.UI\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\al.UI.dll
